h1. Gitosis web admin

Gitosis web admin is a web based backend (rails application) for your gitosis based git repository hosting.

It basically manages your configuration and public key files which then will be pushed to your admin repository. But it does this through a very simple interface everyone understands.

This app assumes that you already set up gitosis. If not, see "hosting git repositories the easy and secure way":http://scie.nti.st/2007/11/14/hosting-git-repositories-the-easy-and-secure-way

h2. Work in progress

Please note that this is work in progress. Feel free to "report issues":http://github.com/masone/gitosis-web-admin/issues or "send feedback":http://getsatisfaction.com/gitosis_web_admin.


h2. Installation

h3. Install the rails app

@git clone git://github.com/masone/gitosis-web-admin.git@
@cd gitosis-web-admin@
@rake gems:install@
@rake db:create@
@rake db:migrate@

h3. Configuration

Edit the configuration located at config/application.example.yml and save it as config/application.yml

h3. Import data

If you're not working on a clean installation of gitosis, you can import the current repositories and keys with rake.

@rake gitosis:import@

h3. SSH key

Create a ssh key for the user that runs the application and give it access to gitosis-admin.
Do not set a password (otherwise it won't work).

@su application_user@
@ssh-keygen -t rsa@
@sudo -H -u git gitosis-init < ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub@


h3. Ready to go

@script/server@




h2. Todo

* Find a way that the key of the admin user can have a password
* Ajaxify submits

h2. Planned features

* Send mail notification to repository owner if anything related changes
* Send mail to key owner if anything related changes

h2. Notes

* Config and database are loosely coupled. gitosis.conf is regenerated from database all the time. Manual changes in the config will be lost.
* If anything with your config or keys goes wrong, you can get them from git




http://www.masone.ch
